Update documentation with audit comments (#20)
calimero-is-near/docs: docs/bridge/bridging/2_permissions.mdx

- Management through the Calimero Console UI
- Management through the Calimero Bridge SDK
- Directly through the CLI

### Security and Motivation

There are multiple reasons why bridge permissions need to be set properly:
1. Avoid malicious entities from bridging FTs/NFTs into private shard
2. Avoid leaking private information through Cross Shard Calls
3. Avoid paying connectors gas fees on the destination chain for malicious actor's calls

> 4. And potentially more...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I would either rephrase it, or remove it, as it sounds we are hiding some other use cases

Now we will dig deeper into malicious actors' motivation for depleting connectors' funds on the public side (Near).
When any bridging operation is called, the connector on the destination side initially pays gas fees for those calls. Funds spent

> on the gas are billed to the customer. Now we can see that if permissions are not properly set a malicious actor can initiate a large

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the gas are paid by the shard owner. Now we can see that if permissions are not properly set a malicious actor can initiate a large
```

number of bridging operations and cause financial harm to the person or organization paying for the shard.

> Aside from causing financial harm to the shard payer, there is also a way to come into possession of a small amount of assets paid

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aside from causing financial harm to the shard owner, there is also a way to come into possession of a small amount of assets paid
```

for malicious Cross Shard Calls. Let us look at the following scenario:
1. There is some Calimero shard named `victim` and XSC permissions are set to allow all (allow rule `.*`) on the Calimero side

> 2. An attacker with Account ID `attacker.testnet` gets permissions for interaction with Calimero shard. The attacker can get access to Calimero in a nuber of ways, including but not limited to shard being public, being regular member of the shard community, social engineering, and information leaking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. An attacker with Account ID `attacker.testnet` gets permissions for interaction with Calimero shard. The attacker can get access to Calimero in a number of ways, including but not limited to: shard being public, being regular member of the shard community, social engineering, and information leaking.
```

3. The attacker deploys a smart contract on the Near side called `contract.testnet`, this contract is just a random contract with some method that uses gas
4. The attacker initiates a large number of Cross Shard Calls from the Calimero side to the Near side for a contract `contract.testnet`

> 5. An attacker gets 30% of used gas (gas paid by Cross Shard Connector on the Near side) as a reward for deploying a smart contract. [Link to Near gas documentation](https://docs.near.org/concepts/basics/transactions/gas)

Reviewer: I don't think that in current XSC setup, new contracts can be deployed on the other side directly, you could call a method that deploys a new contract, in that way this could happen, can you rephrase it?

Author: I rephrased this as agreed on the call, please check if it is properly phrased
